Okay.
So I am feeling pretty good about the view side of things.
So now we can move on to building the component that's going to display all of the unique job types
and communicate to view X whenever the user selects one of those checkboxes.
So as you might guess, that component that we're about to build is going to be really similar to our
job filters, sidebar organizations component.
So I've opened this one up.
On the left, we built this out in the very last section, and on the right hand side, I've opened
up the corresponding test file.
So just as a reminder of what this component looks like, we start with the accordion, which is the
component that allows us to have that expandability the collapse ability as well.
And so we're going to need to modify something like the text here for the header to be job types instead
of organizations.
But otherwise, a lot of the logic is going to be mostly the same.
We're still going to iterate over something to make a list item.
Except instead of iterating over the unique organizations, we want to iterate over the unique job types.
We want to render an input for each unique job type and a label for it as well.
So we can basically reuse just about all of the logic in this component.
Even down to here, we can see we're using map getters and map mutations in this component.
We are, of course, using map getters to get the unique organizations getter.
But in a brand new component, we can use map getters to get our unique job types getter, which we
defined in the last couple lessons.
Similarly, in this select organization method, that method is running the mutation of ADD.
Selected organizations in our brand new component will have a similar method that's going to commit
the mutation called ADD selected job types.
So we've built our view stored to be very similar for our new job types feature as we did for our organizations
feature in the previous section.
So I see no reason to not copy what we already have granted whenever we're copying things, that's a
sign that we are duplicating code.
But as I always say, you should have the duplication present before you attempt a refactor.
So for now, I'm just going to create copies of my implementation and of my test.
Then we're going to build it into reality.
And maybe later in the course we'll talk about if there's a way to consolidate these, to duplicate
or at least very similar components so that they become one component.
For now, we're just going to stick with copying and duplication because having duplication in two components
isn't the worst thing in the world.
So let's begin with our test suite because I want to follow a TDD approach.
So I'm going to close my component and here is my job filter side of our organizations test file.
So I'm going to open up my explorer and in the exact same folder, I'm going to create a new test file
called Job Filters Sidebar Job Types dot test that test.
I'm going to follow a very similar naming scheme for this component where I'm going to prefix it with
job filter sidebar, which is kind of the common parent category of feature.
And then I'm going to actually name the components specifically job types.
And this is the test file for that.
So it's the full component name followed by test that.
Yes.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is go to my original sidebar organization's test file and copy and paste all
of this code in the other file.
And we're going to modify it, of course, in just a second.
So I'm going to paste that code in here, close my sidebar, and we can basically walk through all of
this code and change every occurrence of organizations to be job types.
So this will again be tests for a component that does not yet exist, but most of the components responsibility
will be similar to our previous one.
So I don't have a problem with that.
So the first step, our import, instead of importing organizations at the end here, I want it to be
the job filter, sidebar, job types component right here it's going to be job filter, sidebar, job
types component.
When I'm going to do immediately is just cut or either copy and paste this component name and replace
it anywhere it occurs.
So first up in this top level, describe I'm going to replace that.
And as I scroll down, this test file only has two tests.
So whenever we're using Mount, I want to replace our former usage of the organization's component with
our new job types component like so right here and right here.
All right, so we've replaced all the mounting.
Now we just need to replace some of the specific details.
So right here, if I take a look at it from top to bottom, create config looks good.
This is our factory function that creates the configuration for our mount function.
We're going to mark out the store.
We're going to mark out font awesome or stub it out, which we need to do because we're eventually going
to have the accordion component and then the accordion component, which we're going to fully mount.
We are going to have that font awesome carrot pointing up and down.
So this is perfect.
We can keep this right here, obviously, instead of rendering a unique list of organizations for filtering
jobs, this is a unique list of job types.
All right.
Then down below we can see the component is relying on a storm with getters.
This component previously or the one that we're mimicking was relying on the getter called unique organizations.
We no longer care about that getter.
We're going to implement our new getter in the component we're about to build.
So of course, we're going to rely on the getter that we set up in the couple lessons just behind us,
which is called unique job types, just to make it a little bit more real world, let's make this full
time and part time.
All right.
So then we're going to mount our job filter side of our job types component.
We're going to use the create config factory to generate the config pass in the store.
We're going to find the clickable area and click it, which is going to expand the accordion that is
going to house the actual check boxes.
That is still good.
And then here, obviously, instead of looking for organizational labels, we're going to be looking
for job types, label job type labels.
So right here, let's change this constant name to be job type labels.
And right here, I'm just going to replace on the line below as well because we're going to map over
all of those labels and get their text.
And obviously our data just add to it probably is not going to be organization at all.
Right now let's changes to something like job type.
And so after we find all of those labels and we iterate over them and get the text, we're going to
get an array of job types right here and we're going to expect that array of job types to have the exact
same string values as we saw in our getter.
We're basically testing here that we are rendering the exact same number of checkboxes as we have any
job types and they have the exact text that we expect.
So full time and part time.
So it is imperative that we provide the correct view store set up here, even if it is marked out,
because this is directly going to affect the checkboxes that we render and that text that they display.
So I'm going to save this and move on.
Obviously this will fail because we no longer have this component, but that's fine.
We're using TDD.
Let's move on to the second test.
This one is communicates that user has selected checkbox for organization.
Now it's not organization, it's going to be job type.
And very similarly here, we're going to mark out a just function and we want to test the interaction
with this commit method, which is going to tell you X to run a mutation at some point when the user
clicks on one of those checkboxes.
So once again, I need to replace this former getter with our new getter.
I'm just going to move up above and copy the exact when we have here.
So it's going to copy this entire getter section and paste it down below.
Make sure that you keep the commit here.
However, because we need that reference to our just function we're going to test later that commit
will have been invoked with the right arguments.
So right here we're going to mount job for the sidebar job types looks good.
We're going to click on it to expand it.
And then right here, what we're doing previously in the organization's test is we were looking for
one of our two checkboxes.
We want to do the exact same thing here, but obviously it's no longer the Google input.
It's going to be either the full time checkbox or the part time checkbox.
So let's say I'm going to look for a checkbox with the full time data test attribute.
I'm going to replace Google Input here with something like full time input.
And of course I need to use the set checked method below to make sure I actually tell just to check
it or more specifically the view test utils to check it.
That's going to check the checkbox which in a perfect world in our event component will trigger a method
to run which will commit a mutation to the view store that's going to send it the user's selected job
types.
So right here I expect my commit method to have been called with not this mutation, not add selected
organizations, but the one that we just defined, which is called ADD selected job types.
And of course, the second argument that we're going to expect to the mutation is not just the name
but the actual array of strings representing the current user selections of the job types.
So if the user clicked on the full time checkbox, we expect the array to have the value of full time.
The exact same string that we provide in the getter.
The exact same string is what we're going to pass right here.
Okay, so total failure, but that's exactly what we expect.
So I'm going to drag this file over to the right hand side and then to make this implementation happen,
you guessed it, you guessed it.
We're just going to copy our existing component and basically modify it accordingly.
So let me open up my job filter, sidebar, organization's component right here in the exact same folder
right here.
This job filter sidebar folder.
I want to create my new component, which is going to be job filters, sidebar, job types, dot view.
And of course, what I can do is copy all of the code I have in my job.
They'll just sidebar organization's file.
So command a command C to copy paste it right here.
All right, let me save that.
And now all we have to do is walk through this implementation and then actually modify it to be reflected
for job types instead of organizations.
So this time around, let's start with the actual JavaScript section.
Then we'll move back on up to the HTML template.
So once again, we no longer want these two constants because this is for organizations.
Instead, what we want is are two new constants.
So instead of add selected organizations, we want ADD selected job types.
And instead of unique organizations, we want unique job types that allows us to remove the former two
constants here.
We still want these two helper functions.
We still want our accordion because our accordion is going to enable the collapse ability for jobs,
which are sidebar organizations.
We want to replace this name to be job types for our component section.
We want to keep that accordion.
That's part of registering the accordion component as a local component.
That's just fine for the data section.
We obviously don't want selected organizations.
We now want selected job types.
Format getters.
We no longer care about getting access to the unique organizations getter we want the one we just imported,
which is unique job types.
For here in the methods section, we do want to map mutations, so we get access to mutations as methods
on this component.
But we don't want the ADD selected organizations mutation.
We want the ADD selected job types mutation.
This is the one that we just built out.
So here in the method below, obviously it's no longer going to be select organization.
It's now going to be something like select job type that is going to invoke the mutation that we are
going to enable right here.
So instead of add selected organizations, I want to invoke ADD selected job types.
That is going to be the method right here that is going to run the corresponding mutation.
And what do we want to pass the mutation?
The local array of data represented by this got selected job types.
So this is basically the exact same implementation we did in the previous section, but modified for
job types instead of organizations.
That's why I'm kind of flying through this content because it's basically a repetition or a variation.
There's not much new content happening here.
All right, so we still have to handle our actual template up above.
So let's scroll up there.
All right.
We're going to start with our accordion and the header prop that we passed to it.
This is the actual piece of text that appears next to the carrot that the user clicks to expand the
box.
So obviously, instead of a header of organizations, we want a header of job types.
Right here.
We can keep the div the field set, we can reuse the unordered list.
All of these tailwind styles are great here.
Obviously for our list item, we no longer want to iterate over each organization.
We want to iterate over each job type.
And now the available piece of computed property that we defined down below is no longer unique organizations.
It's unique job types.
We got that from our getter, which is going to provide a set which we can easily iterate over.
So of course we need to provide a key for everything we're iterating over so we can once again provide
the job type string dynamically using the vine syntax.
And that should work here.
What we're basically going to do is every place that we, your organization, we can replace this with
job type because the same logic is going to apply.
We want whatever job type we're iterating over, such as full time to be the ID to be the value we provide
to our array, to save, to be the data test attribute.
And I think those are the three occurrences.
So any select organization here.
And it's changed that to job type.
Let me select it right here and change this to job type as well.
Let me select this for the data test attribute and change this to be job type as well.
Here are the model reflects the part of the component data that we want to connect to.
It's now not selected organizations but selected job types.
So let's change this to be selected job types.
We're still going to keep the type of checkbox.
We're still going to apply the tail when class we want this data test attribute.
And then finally, right here, we're using the VEAN directive to react to the change event, which
is basically the user clicking on the checkbox instead of running select organization.
We obviously want to run select job type.
Finally, right here in the label, we want to provide job type for our for attributes.
So whatever string we're iterating over, we're going to have the four attribute have that value.
A generally good idea for accessibility is to have the four acts would be the exact same string as the
idea attribute for the input.
That's why we kept those the same for our data test here.
Our organization is going to be job type.
Remember that this is not the specific data test for specific jobs, which is full time or part time.
We're doing that right here.
Here's what we're dynamically putting in.
Whatever job time we're editing over.
This is a more generic data test name of job dash type, which you are capturing right here in our test
on line 26 on the right.
And finally, instead of interpolating the value of organization, we obviously want to interpolate
whatever string we're iterating over which is represented by job type.
We're iterating over a set of strings and for each job type string, we're using it in a whole bunch
of locations, including this interpolation and all of these values and going save that.
And you can see all of our tests are passing.
So simply by copying and pasting and modifying our old implementation, we've made a lot of progress.
We now should have an expandable collection of checkboxes that are going to be rendered for the number
of unique job types we have, which we're going to get dynamically from our array of jobs using our
getters in view X.
So we've kind of come full circle because once again we're repeating the same ideas we did in the previous
section, but we're now doing them in reverse.
We started on the view side of things.
We wired up everything.
Now we're back to the component and we have basically created this component to do that for us to talk
to the View Store, to get data from the VC store, etc. So now we can go ahead and add this new job
filter, sidebar job types component to another component so we can actually render it and we can take
a look at how it looks in the browser in the very next lesson.